it's a city with an imposing welcome two
decades after the fall of the Soviet
Union the palace of arts and Kiev will
host the draw for euro 2012 a short
drive away is the city's Olympic Stadium
and redeveloped groans that's ready for
the best teams in Europe it's almost one
year before the final Harkov ready
donate it's ready we've ready we are
ready so all the stadium post already
matches this is for Ukraine for Poland
they are making the oil fronts and they
will be also i think we finish some time
there's still plenty of construction
though as the country continues its race
to be ready in time for june
infrastructures still a cause for
concern especially in joint hosts poland
thought ukraine's deputy prime minister
says football fans shouldn't worry he
also says supporters shouldn't be put
off by his country's reputation for
being bureaucratic mirakuru you can't
defeat the bureaucracy the speaking of
the borders airport and land borders
will create the most comfortable
environment as we can EU citizens visit
Ukraine without visas we guarantee
minimum hassle at the borders and
customs this will be the biggest stadium
in euro 2012 as fabio capello and
giovanni trapattoni wait to find out
their opponents they want to be back
here in July for the final yeah now
almost ready for it now infrastructure
is in place and we are very much happy
for that Ukraine and Poland are in port
one for the drop so either could face
England and the Republic of Ireland as
16 countries are drawn into four groups
for euro 2012 Brian Swanson Sky Sports
Kiev so here's how the draw will work
the 16 teams will be drawn into four
groups from four pots of for the top
seeds are in pot 1 they include joint
hosts Poland and Ukraine along with
Spain and the Netherlands Poland are
predetermined is a one and the Ukraine a
d1 spain and the netherlands will then
be drawn to go into groups be and groups
see the next pot drawn will be pop for
which
includes the Republic of Ireland they
are in with Denmark France and the Czech
Republic pop for doesn't mean that the
team's goes into the fourth position
after each team is drawn out another
draw will determine which position in
that group they will occupy clear well
then it's hot three with Croatia the two
thousand four winners Greece Portugal
and Sweden and lastly it's pot too when
England Germany Italy and Russia will
discover their fate going into the only
available positions left in each group
and former England manager terry
venables is hoping to avoid some of the
top nations this draw will be really
important for us to make sure that we
get we try and get what we want or we
want to avoid and of course we need to
avoid the Spain France and Portugal yeah
I think there that's right there the
three day we definitely need to keep
that away off what teams do you think we
wouldn't mind playing what teams should
we look out to get I don't think it's
you know I don't think you can sort of
go and look down that road I think
basically you gotta say whoever we get
it's a good draw because you can you're
not gonna change it and I think we're in
a position where we should be able to
achieve anything yeah really i think
we've obviously we've got some time any
of us really to prepare but i always I
always been seeing her in any way so I
can't go any other direction so as
Venables pointed out England's potential
worst case scenario could mean playing
Spain Portugal and France in the group
stages as for the Republic of Ireland
they could end up in a group with Spain
Germany and Portugal but they could also
be grouped with england